chore(blog): add article about openforce (#599)
asyncapi/website: pages/blog/openforce-2022.md

---
title: "AsyncAPI at OpenForce"
date: 2022-02-28T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Open Source
  - Contribute
cover: /img/posts/openforce-2022/cover.webp
authors:
  - name: Lukasz Gornicki
    photo: /img/avatars/lpgornicki.webp
    link: https://twitter.com/derberq
    byline: AsyncAPI Maintainer and Dev Comm Keeper
featured: true
---

> Two years ago AsyncAPI Initiative actively participated in Hacktoberfest to help folks start their journey in open source. This was a very successful event. We got feedback that the level of commitment that we presented makes us perfect candidates for Google Summer of Code. 
> 
> Last year we participated in Google Summer of Code and again in Hacktoberfest. It went great! We onboarded many new super enthusiastic contributors that stayed with us longer. 
> 
> This year could not be different. We want to do it again and yet again on a larger scale. Thus active participation in initiatives focused on introducing new folks in open source became [one of our main goals for 2022](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/discussions/193).
> 
> Thanks to one of our contributors, [Hargun Kaur](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hkaur008/) we learned about [OpenForce](https://www.openforce.tech/) and decided to join it in March 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two years ago, the AsyncAPI Initiative participated in Hacktoberfest to help folks start their journey in open source. Hacktoberfest was a very successful event. We got feedback that the level of commitment that we presented makes us perfect candidates for Google Summer of Code. 

Last year, we participated in Google Summer of Code and again in Hacktoberfest. It went great! We onboarded many new, super enthusiastic contributors that stayed with us longer. 

This year won't be different. We want to do it again and yet again, on a larger scale. Thus, active participation in initiatives focused on introducing new folks into open source became [one of our main goals for 2022](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/discussions/193).

Thanks to one of our contributors, [Hargun Kaur](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hkaur008/), we learned about [OpenForce](https://www.openforce.tech/) and decided to join it in March 2022.
```

## What we offer

> AsyncAPI maintainers prepared some GitHub issues that are easy enough to be completed in one month. We offer full support in discussing possible solutions and on-time review in pull requests.
> 
> AsyncAPI community is a safe place for your first open-source contribution. Many folks are open to support your first steps in this great world.
> 
> In exchange, every person that completes these tasks will get an AsyncAPI t-shirt!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AsyncAPI maintainers prepared some GitHub issues that are easy enough to be completed in one month. We offer full support in discussing possible solutions and on-time review in pull requests.

The AsyncAPI community is a safe place for your first open source contribution. Many folks are open to supporting your first steps in this great world.

In exchange, every person that completes these tasks will get an AsyncAPI t-shirt!
```

## How to connect

Join [our Slack workspace](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite). Just make sure to follow our [Slack etiquette](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/slack-etiquette.md) and [the code of conduct](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

> We will also have [Abir Pal](https://twitter.com/imabptweets) present in OpenForce Discord channel, in case you need help on your way to AsyncAPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will also have [Abir Pal](https://twitter.com/imabptweets) present in the OpenForce Discord channel, in case you need help on your way to AsyncAPI.
```

---
title: "AsyncAPI at OpenForce"
date: 2022-03-31T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Open Source
  - Contribute
cover: /img/posts/openforce-2022/cover.webp
authors:
  - name: Lukasz Gornicki
    photo: /img/avatars/lpgornicki.webp
    link: https://twitter.com/derberq

>     byline: AsyncAPI Maintainer and Dev Comm Keeper

Reviewer: There's a piece of me that thinks that we should fully spell out the word community because I wonder if people could think "Comm" stands for communication 🤔

Author: how about now? 😄
